Blogging.
So no let's get a real example about our server have a file and see the action will be taken from this
period of ability.
So now we have all the vitriol machine parted on.
It is protected by the ability for example Check this one is ex-spy.
Number two that have Windows 7.
0 1 here is it two Windows 7 0 1 work.
In our modern tape and we're going to take down this I host ours.
There are some files in this one and see Dupee have you of this display identity.
So that's merely a virtual machine working in our environment and something wrong would happen to this
server and we'll see the action will be taken from do this be it.
So I will go and power off our server after is X I number two so shut down
and we'll give you a little time intill to detect that there are not head between we.
I hope not but.
And then we'll see do action be happen to this virtual machine in that battle.
So no it is out of service.
As you see we have it right here.
This is Excite is out of service.
We checked this one the virtual machine is data it is our of is to then you see this has an ability
detects a possible host a of this host.
If we back to the cluster we seek information about the host.
Why is it excite to this ability.
Host start you do this from a height of ability fight over in progress.
This is written in UCL flying over action on one virtual machine cluster in the data center miracle.
So I detect that one virtual machine that's used this is because I host you see if he's bought it off
it will take a little time then he will take action.
It's bolted on.
No.
If we back right here and reload the page we see that virtual machine start put it on again without
any problem.
So it will take a little time.
He will get on the formation the light hair and just give it the time.
So you see the machine is bolted on.
If we check this bit your machine will find that that exists in another host.
So it is no work in India is X number three in the preview.
This your machine was powered it on into is X number two.
No it's become in do is X number three and everything is OK.
Get off our mission.
So mission accomplished successfully.
But do a hostile look keep showing up if we back right there you will see.
Where is it.
It's bolted on like when you unplug the power for any victory machine or any physical machine so it
will power on normally without any problem.
So we click on these and press and turn to complete power on.
So this is distraction off of this because to the house number two is out of service and they automatically
reboot the video machine.
That was right there and the virtual machine work without any problem after making reboot.
So next we'll see when this hosts will back to life.
What will happen next.